---
title: It's here!
person: Thomas
layout: post
date: 2016-06-13 16:21:00 +02:00
categories:
- website
tags:
- introduction
- instructions
---

Welcome to Sounds for Pixels' (at the time of writing) brand new site! We have spent a fair amount of time working on this, and are very excited to share it with all of you. While on the blog page, Thomas is alone right now, that won't be the case for too much longer. You see, we have a lot of cool content coming up, and while I'm afraid we can't promise to have it narrated by Danny Wallace (in fact, I can almost guarantee you that we will not), it will hopefully still be able to interest and humor you for a little while.

Now, about the website, there is a fair amount of functionality that might not be apparent to everyone from the get-go. Email, for example. You see that round picture of me over on the left?[^1] If you hover over it, you'll see a nice blue mail icon. Click the image, and you'll be sent to your default mail client ready to send me an email. The same goes for the about section. In fact, if you see our faces somewhere on the site, you can probably click them.

Other clickable items are the orange play button in the top right corner which drops down a playlist with a lot of goodies, and, for you small screen people, light blue twitter and tag buttons on appropriate pages (namely the home page and the blog) to toggle the sidebar on and off.

Furthermore, whenever you see a game title or image, click it (or tap it, if you're so inclined), and it should bring up a modal with more info on the game, the developer, as well as a track or two and potentially a video, so be sure to try it out (hint: the home page and portfolio section both have great opportunities for this!).

And speaking of music, one of the recurring posts we have planned for you is what we like to call *track spotlight*, where we will provide an in-depth look and analysis of tracks we have written, highlighting our choices of instrumentation, modes, tempo, and anything else which might be of interest. The first post in this series will be up later this week, so stay tuned!

For the blog, we have category and tag selectors to the right (toggleable for smaller screens), that you can click to see only posts with said tag or category. Click one, and all tags which do not share a post will disappear. Click another one, and you'll have filtered by two tags, etc. Click an active one to disable it. This lets you keep specifying exactly what you are looking for, and while it's not very exciting just yet, it will surely come in handy later.

If you want to get in touch, read press reviews or spend some money, we have pages for all of those things too! Feel free hover over our faces or head to the contact section where we have a cute, little form waiting for you to fill it in; else, go ahead and see what other people have to say about our work or go to our shop section, where you can purchase full soundtracks.

Now, because this is still a very new website, there may be some issues with it. If you do encounter one of these, please don't hesitate to contact us, and we will fix them as soon as we can. We're also happy to take any and all design suggestions, so if you don't like the colors? Let us know? Think that blue should be a slightly different hue? Shout it out from the rooftops (or email us—that's probably more effective)!

Well then, I can only wish you all a most heartfelt welcome, and hope you will enjoy your stay!

—*Thomas*

[^1]: You won't if you're on a phone, as we had to prioritize the text. It's a shame, I know, but if you really want to look at my face, head on over to the about section!
